The specificity of being perks up its over-anthropomorphized head with an
expression approaching hopeful bewilderment, 'ooh, was that my name? do they
wanna talk to me? ooh ooh.' Then it notices it's self imposed limits (having
been made fully human to my mind, it is subject to the same conditions) and
thinks to itself, 'why do I think 'why do I think 'why do I think 'why do I
think '...ad infinitum''' until it notices the trend towards redundancy and has
the presence of mind to deduce that as an entity bound by consciousness, and
therefore perception as well, it must be a highly specific being comprised of
equally specific parts. At this point the very-nearly-human representation of
the specificity of being realizes that as a consciousness it is the product of
itself, and as such, it's limits are a product of it's own limits and the whole
she-bang is therefore self-inflicted (work that out. hah). Being human and
conscious, Specificity (lets name him so as to fully indulge his
anthropomorhpizaton) goes on to infer that his (lets further this metaphor with
some binary gender) specificity, as one of the root causes of the self-imposed
limitations upon his consciousness, is, in fact, an instance of a two generic
phenomenon (specificity of being and consciousness) and upon noticing that he
himself was title Specificity begins to wonder not only about the role his
consciousness plays in the limitation of his consciousness (all things human
comprise a subset of consciousness), but the role the specificity of being
plays in the mechanic by which consciousness limits itself. He begins to
exclaim "wait *I'm* Spec....". He's now, quite specifically dead. Not asleep or
knocked unconscious, but very very dead. Much to absolutely nobody's chagrin,
the cognitive overload of being doubly responsible for his predicament was too
much for Specificity to handle.  Not that he ever had the chance. The
subconscious of Specificity saw existential angst (try to concieve of the most
pain imaginable. Now magnify it because both you and I lack the insight and
experience to fathom such pain. We're too stupid) on a scale never beheld (that
is, never beheld and *survived* ) and simply gave up, overriding what should
have been Specificity's conscious decision to throw in the towel in the hopes
of protecting the delicate symbiotic balance struck by the various forms of
existential obfuscation -- it's a defense mechanism after all, except it killed
him. What does that say about life?
